Sure, here are 20 looping exercises for you to practice in Java:

1. Write a program to print the numbers from 1 to 10 using a while loop.
2. Write a program to calculate the sum of all numbers from 1 to 100 using a for loop.
3. Write a program to print the even numbers from 1 to 20 using a do-while loop.
4. Write a program to find the factorial of a given number using a while loop.
5. Write a program to check if a number is prime or not using a for loop.
6. Write a program to print the Fibonacci series up to a given number using a for loop.
7. Write a program to find the sum of all odd numbers between 1 and 50 using a do-while loop.
8. Write a program to reverse a given number using a while loop.
9. Write a program to check if a number is palindrome or not using a for loop.
10. Write a program to calculate the average of a list of numbers using a for loop.
11. Write a program to print the multiplication table of a given number using a while loop.
12. Write a program to find the largest element in an array using a for loop.

13. Write a program to print the pattern:
    1
    12
    123
    1234
    using a nested for loop.
14. Write a program to find the GCD of two numbers using a while loop.
15. Write a program to calculate the factorial of a given number using a for loop.
16. Write a program to print the numbers from 10 to 1 in reverse order using a do-while loop.
17. Write a program to check if a number is Armstrong or not using a for loop.
18. Write a program to find the sum of all even numbers between 1 and 100 using a while loop.
19. Write a program to print the ASCII values of all uppercase letters using a for loop.
20. Write a program to calculate the power of a number using a for loop.

Feel free to choose the exercise that interests you the most and give it a try! Let me know if you need any help or if you want me to check your code. Happy coding! 😊


https://practice.geeksforgeeks.org/explore?page=3&difficulty=School&sortBy=submissions&utm_source=geeksforgeeks&utm_medium=code-output&utm_campaign=practice-IDE

